add description of the ACL categories (#1609)
redis/redis-doc: topics/acl.md

You should be absolutely sure that you'll never include what you did not mean
to.

The following is a list of command categories and their meanings:
* keyspace - Writing or reading from keys, databases, or their metadata 
  in a type agnostic way. Includes `DEL`, `RESTORE`, `DUMP`, `RENAME`, `EXISTS`, `DBSIZE`,
  `KEYS`, `EXPIRE`, `TTL`, `FLUSHALL`, etc. Commands that may modify the keyspace,
  key or metadata will also have `write` category. Commands that only read
  the keyspace, key or metadata will have the `read` category.
* read - Reading from keys (values or metadata). Note that commands that don't
  interact with keys, will not have either `read` or `write`.
* write - Writing to keys (values or metadata).
* admin - Administrative commands. Normal applications will never need to use
  these. Includes `REPLICAOF`, `CONFIG`, `DEBUG`, `SAVE`, `MONITOR`, `ACL`, `SHUTDOWN`, etc.
* dangerous - Potentially dangerous commands (each should be considered with care for
  various reasons). This includes `FLUSHALL`, `MIGRATE`, `RESTORE`, `SORT`, `KEYS`,
  `CLIENT`, `DEBUG`, `INFO`, `CONFIG`, `SAVE`, `REPLICAOF`, etc.
* connection - Commands affecting the connection or other connections.

>   This includes `AUTH`, `SELECT`, `COMMAND`, `CLIENT`, `ECHO`, `PING`, etc.

Reviewer: Why is `COMMAND` here?

Author: this is not a comprehensive list of all the commands of each category. just a bunch of examples to demonstrate the different types of concepts that fit in each category, so in theory we can remove COMMAND from that list in the docs if we want, but it is in the category in redis.

i think the reason COMMAND is in that category is that normally client libraries call COMMAND on startup in order to get the info about `firstkey`, `lastkey`, etc, so that they can handle clusters.

> The following is a list of command categories and their meanings:
> * keyspace - Writing or reading from keys, databases, or their metadata 
>   in a type agnostic way. Includes DEL, RESTORE, DUMP, RENAME, EXISTS, DBSIZE,
>   KEYS, EXPIRE, TTL, FLUSHALL, etc. Commands that may modify the keyspace,
>   key or metadata will also have `write` category. Commands that only read
>   the keyspace, key or metadata will have the `read` category.
> * read - Reading from keys (values or metadata). Note that commands that don't
>   interact with keys, will not have either `read` or `write`.
> * write - Writing to keys (values or metadata)
> * admin - Administrative commands. Normal applications will never need to use
>   these. Includes REPLICAOF, CONFIG, DEBUG, SAVE, MONITOR, ACL, SHUTDOWN, etc.
> * dangerous - Potentially dangerous (each should be considered with care for
>   various reasons). This includes FLUSHALL, MIGRATE, RESTORE, SORT, KEYS,
>   CLIENT, DEBUG, INFO, CONFIG, SAVE, REPLICAOF, etc.
> * connection - Commands affecting the connection or other connections.
>   This includes AUTH, SELECT, COMMAND, CLIENT, ECHO, PING, etc.
> * blocking - Potentially blocking the connection until released by another
>   command.
> * fast - Fast O(1) commands. May loop on the number of arguments, but not the
>   number of elements in the key.
> * slow - All commands that are not Fast.
> * pubsub - PUBLISH / SUBSCRIBE related
> * transaction - WATCH / MULTI / EXEC related commands.
> * scripting - Scripting related.
> * set - Data type: sets related.
> * sortedset - Data type: zsets related.
> * list - Data type: lists related.
> * hash - Data type: hashes related.
> * string - Data type: strings related.
> * bitmap - Data type: bitmaps related.
> * hyperloglog - Data type: hyperloglog related.
> * geo - Data type: geo related.
> * stream - Data type: streams related.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following is a list of command categories and their meanings:
* keyspace - Writing or reading from keys, databases, or their metadata 
  in a type agnostic way. Includes `DEL`, `RESTORE`, `DUMP`, `RENAME`, `EXISTS`, `DBSIZE`,
  `KEYS`, `EXPIRE`, `TTL`, `FLUSHALL`, etc. Commands that may modify the keyspace,
  key or metadata will also have `write` category. Commands that only read
  the keyspace, key or metadata will have the `read` category.
* read - Reading from keys (values or metadata). Note that commands that don't
  interact with keys, will not have either `read` or `write`.
* write - Writing to keys (values or metadata).
* admin - Administrative commands. Normal applications will never need to use
  these. Includes `REPLICAOF`, `CONFIG`, `DEBUG`, `SAVE`, `MONITOR`, `ACL`, `SHUTDOWN`, etc.
* dangerous - Potentially dangerous commands (each should be considered with care for
  various reasons). This includes `FLUSHALL`, `MIGRATE`, `RESTORE`, `SORT`, `KEYS`,
  `CLIENT`, `DEBUG`, `INFO`, `CONFIG`, `SAVE`, `REPLICAOF`, etc.
* connection - Commands affecting the connection or other connections.
  This includes `AUTH`, `SELECT`, `COMMAND`, `CLIENT`, `ECHO`, `PING`, etc.
* blocking - Potentially blocking the connection until released by another
  command.
* fast - Fast O(1) commands. May loop on the number of arguments, but not the
  number of elements in the key.
* slow - All commands that are not `fast`.
* pubsub - PubSub-related commands.
* transaction - `WATCH` / `MULTI` / `EXEC` related commands.
* scripting - Scripting related.
* set - Data type: sets related.
* sortedset - Data type: sorted sets related.
* list - Data type: lists related.
* hash - Data type: hashes related.
* string - Data type: strings related.
* bitmap - Data type: bitmaps related.
* hyperloglog - Data type: hyperloglog related.
* geo - Data type: geospatial indexes related.
* stream - Data type: streams related.
```

> Redis can also show you a list of all categories, and what commands each category exactly includes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Redis can also show you a list of all categories, and the exact commands each category includes.
```

> Redis can also show you a list of all categories, and the exact commands each category includes.
> Redis `ACL` command exports the `CAT` subcommand that can be used in two forms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis can also show you a list of all categories, and the exact commands each category includes using the redis `ACL` command's `CAT` subcommand that can be used in two forms:
```
